at the end of your career after a number of decades you probably look
back and think about things really were a mistake that was a side track
from you I'm one of the biggest mistakes I made in my career was
when I got my degree of bachelors and psychology from the university
of Colorado I took the eighteen GS be to try to get a bit yeah MBA
and then I took the LOC teased to go to law school in the eighty GXP's
I got a seven hundred thirty five and of eight hundred and then
the else sets I got the seven fifty and I saw it well I'll just let
that shoes because I got fifteen points higher on the el said then they
did the eighteen GSP are going to law school and I didn't like law
school I hated all three years of it but I did alright and they got
out and I went to practice with my father who was a lawyer and I
practiced with him for ten years those of the worst ten years of my
life I hated the practice of law if I know what I was getting into I
never would have done that and when my father passed away listen six
months after his passing I went to work for Martin Marietta doing
stem research